We're in the homestretch, I promise, now that we're able to validate the payment request, we have
some form of UI state going on here to handle loading and unloading.
When we successfully do a payment request, we want to clear the cart.
This is extremely important because if we don't clear the card on success, then you're just going to
end up paying for the same thing again.
You don't really want to do that.
And on top of that, we also want to potentially leave the name intact.
We don't want to set name to an empty string.
If you come back to the card at some point, you may want to fill it in again.
So it's important to know that in this portion of the app is where the majority is going to happen.
But now what we want to do is we want to send you to a different screen in case you do succeed.
And so to do that, well, right now, if we go to App Navigator, what we're going to see is that our
App Navigator is loading the checkout screen.
So maybe we need something a bit more robust, like a checkout navigator, and by creating a checkout
navigator, we could potentially create a more robust end to end flow for the user in terms of navigation.
So let's import checkout navigator.
Dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, slash, checkout, dot navigator.
And so right now, what we need to create is over here in navigation will create a new file, checkout,
dot navigator, dot jazz and in out the navigator that this is where we're going to build out a new
stack navigator.
So for us to do that, first of all, it's import our checkout screen here and then let's go into the
Settings Navigator and let's import portions of what it does here.
So let's let's import all of this stuff and let's put it right here.
So first of all, we don't need this favorite screen.
We don't need the setting screen.
We have our checkout screen now instead of a settings stack.
What we're going to do is we're going to call it a checkout stack.
And down here, what we're going to say is export const checkout navigator is equal to a function that
will return checkout stack dot navigator.
And we're going to put header mode to none.
And then we're going to close this one off and we're going to start building our.
Navigator.
So now that we have this, what we need is a checkout stack, dot screen and we're going to give that
the name of.
You guessed it, check out and by doing this now, we can give it the component out screen.
All right, and if we do all of this, what we need to do as well is make sure that this works as intended.
So let's go over to check out.
There we go.
It's still working if we order the special still working.
So now what we want to do is add two more screens, one mainly called check out success and another
called out error.
And one's going to take a Check-Out success screen and the others are going to take a Check-Out error
screen.
Now, these are both going to come from.
The screens folder, but we're going to call it Check-Out error dot screen and check out success dot
screen.
And over here, this is going to be the checkout success screen and this is going to be the checkout
error screen.
And now all we need to do is go over into our screens and say, check out the error screen thought.
Yes.
And check out that success, that screen such as?
And with these, we can now build out a fully fledged screen, check out success screen and check out
error screen.
What will those look like?
Well, they'll look as follows.
So let's implement one to begin with import, react from react.
And then let's also import the things that we always need.
So first of all, let's import the safe area, the spacer and text and let's see which which of these
will end up meeting.
So and then let's go ahead and import.
Some of these components from checkout styles, because we'll need some of them, the mainly the ones
that will need are the cart icon in the cart icon container.
Those are extremely important.
And what we'll do here is we'll export CONSED checkout success screen and we'll say that checkout success
green is equal to the render of the card icon container.
Inside of the safe area.
So let's wrap that with a safe area.
And then let's put a safe area around here, a safe area, and then once we do that, we can save inside
of Kaat container, we can put the cart icon and we could say icon is equal to check Vache bold.
And we can close off this one.
And we'll need some text, so we'll see text variant equals label and we'll see inside of that text,
we'll put success.
And text, so here we go now we have our success screen, we don't end up meeting our speaker and then
we'll copy all of this and we'll build out our error screen.
So for our air screen, it's going to look a bit of the same, except we're going to call it error screen.
And we're going to say instead of success, we're going to pass in an error and we're going to get that
error from the root, so the root is going to get a parameter.
So we're going to return here and we're going to say the root is going to get a parameter.
So CONSED error is equal to root dot programs and we'll default the error to an empty string just in
case.
And so right now, the last thing that we need to do is say that this is close and we'll set the background
to colors, thought you I thought error.
And so one more thing will need in here is colors which will get from infrastructure theme colors.
There we go.
So now we've set up two screens.
We haven't hook them up yet, but we've set them up and we still have.
The navigator, that is, check out that navigator.
So this one is set up with both screens and now we all we need to do is in check out that screen.
We need to decide when we're going to navigate to which.
So we're going to pull in the navigation and we're going to see here navigation.
Navigate.
And we're going to go to Check-Out Error.
And let's just make sure that that is our out navigation, check out success, check out error.
So we're going to go over to check out error.
Right.
But now what do we do?
Because now we need to supply with a specific error in order for us to be able to utilize it properly.
Right.
And so the way that that looks here is at this level of the check out error.
Well, our error is currently.
Please fill in a valid credit card because we don't have one, that's the error that the user should
see.
OK, now over here, the error can be simplified to just take in the error variable.
And up here, we're going to be navigating to check out success.
No error, no program for the route, no nothing.
And by doing this, we've now handled three use cases in one function.
Now let's see what that looks like because we haven't tested it out just yet.
If we go over here and we order the special and we say, P, please fill in a valid credit card.
So if we hit checkout again, we're going to go over here mobily.
And if we hit Payen, it's still going to say, hey, fill in a proper credit card, don't play with
me.
The app is pretty serious at this point.
And then if we fill in four to four to our valid credit card.
Now, if we hit pay, it's processing the payment processing payment, oh, we hit the success case,
we went all the way to a successful payment and now if we hit checkout, our cart is empty and we can
rest assured that our payment has been processed properly in the payment intense.
We can see McGeeney over here.
Right.
And so with that, we now have the ability for us to go end to end, have proper error management throughout
the entire flow and be able to successfully utilize all of this properly.
But there's one more scenario that we need to catch here, right?
Because we're only handling the payment flow.
We're not handling the errors that may potentially come in when the credit card errors, the credit
card input, we haven't on success, but we don't really have an on error and so are on error here is
going to be along the lines of navigation that navigate, but it's going to say something went wrong
processing your credit card.
And so how would this actually work and in effect, right, if we want the credit card component, we're
not really processing any errors that would happen here.
So when you use async await, you have to wrap the entirety of it in something called a try catch themen
and the catch.
Catches errors from the car token request.
So in this case, if we do catch an error, we can say on error and we can call it.
Immediately, so if our credit card was to fail in any way, shape or form over here when requesting
an actual credit card token, we can see it happen.
Now, how would that happen?
Well, Strib has something called testing documentation, and that testing documentation comes with
specific credit cards like the four to four to four to I was using.
And these card numbers will invoke specific errors when utilized.
And over here, you can see, for instance, this one, if a quick number is provided, the CVC check
will immediately fail.
And by offering us all of these test cards, we can test for very specific scenarios when building our
UI.
So if I go over here to my app and I fill in, it seems like something's wrong here.
Oh, of course.
Well, we need to wrap this with a function, otherwise it's going to invoke immediately all the time.
OK, so now that that's out of the way, if we go over here and we fill in Mobeen and then we fill in
that test card and we say zero to twenty two and we fill in two, three, four.
Now if we hit pay, what's going to happen is, well, it's still going to process.
Something went wrong with your payment.
So the payments are going to fail at the payment level.
But what we can see here is that this was never invoked.
This is because this creation of a stripe token over here didn't necessarily invoke an error.
That is not what happened here.
This does not do checks against a credit card.
But luckily, our payment gateway does.
Right, because the error we saw here is something went wrong, processing your payment.
But the air we gave here is something went wrong processing your credit card.
Now, this will fail in specific scenarios where the endpoint is down or something else went wrong.
But we have multiple layers of validation going on here.
So you may not be able to invoke this specific error immediately, but we still catch the cases where
this endpoint may feel for whatever reason.
It's also important to note here that these test credit cards will invoke specific failures on the payment
side.
And as you can see here, if we go to all, you'll see a failed payment come through blocked.
So the payment went all the way to the payment gateway.
But as we can see, the CVC check failed.
The CVC check failed, just like it said in the testing documentation.
The quick check will be failed and the payment will be blocked.
Now, creating the token here, creating the credit card token.
There is no strict strict level of validation that happens here.
But if this API endpoint were to fail, for whatever reason, we we are catching that Iraqis, when
we send the information to the payment gateway, the payment gateway is doing a strict check against
everything to make sure that the payment can actually go through.
So we have covered all of our validation and error case handling in this beautiful, beautiful, elegant
way.